# Andrew Soane and Moses Francis -Attio Demo

**Meeting Date:** 10th Jun, 2026 - 5:00 PM

---

**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[00:07]*: How are you? 
**Moses Francis** *[00:09]*: How are you? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[00:11]*: Yeah, we can hear you. Can you hear us? 
**Moses Francis** *[00:14]*: Yes, yes, perfectly amazing. How's everyone doing? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[00:19]*: Good, how are you? 
**Moses Francis** *[00:21]*: No complaints. No complaints. Where's everyone calling from? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[00:26]*: Well originally or specifically? Right now we're in Dubai, uae. 
**Moses Francis** *[00:34]*: Amazing, amazing. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[00:37]*: The wonderful Wartle Middle East. No missiles today. I thought I got you on breakfast. But instead of weather reports we. Missile reports. Oh, whereabouts are. 
**Moses Francis** *[00:51]*: Yeah, Moses, I'm in London. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[00:55]*: Okay, whereabouts in London? 
**Moses Francis** *[00:57]*: Yeah, so we're on Farringdon slash Clerkenwell. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[01:01]*: So pretty central whereabouts I used to be based at 30. 
**Moses Francis** *[01:05]*: Oh, okay. We are on John street right off about three minutes away from the station. Yeah, yeah, so it's perfect. Have you guys been based in Dubai for a while now or. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[01:23]*: Yeah, I was in Dubai first time four years ago, then I left and then I came back in a little over a year ago. So I had the two years. Not continuous. 
**Moses Francis** *[01:33]*: Yeah,. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[01:36]*: Andrew's fresh off the boat. Really? Actually I was in. I was at Farrington tube literally just five weeks ago, which is just before I came and I came out. 
**Moses Francis** *[01:47]*: Oh man. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[01:47]*: But this is where we're based. Our global headquarters is in Dubai. Yeah, but we're not a local company in the sense that we're not selling our products to the UAE market. We're using it as global headquarters. 
**Moses Francis** *[02:04]*: Okay, yeah,. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[02:07]*: I guess. Do you want to get into the details? What do we do? Yeah, so adverse. Yeah, so well look, very quickly I'll give you a little bit about what we do, who we are and how we can be helpful. But I'm going to try and keep it as short as possible. It's the end of the day for us if we're in accurate. 
**Moses Francis** *[02:25]*: Yeah, okay, yeah, that's perfectly fine. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[02:28]*: We've been here 10 hours so far. Yeah, exactly. 
**Moses Francis** *[02:32]*: That makes sense. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[02:35]*: Right. So I mean we are sort of a startup. It's harder to think about us as a startup because actually we've got product market fit with our platform. So our sister company which is a Chinese company, developed a software platform which over the years has become AI. Obviously 15 years ago it wasn't but it is now pure AI. And if you think about buildings, you know, I mean if you think about, I don't know, Canary Wall or Salesforce Tower or Burj Alifa here or any large commercial building, they all have hundreds of different platform systems that run the know run the building. Heating, ventilation, air conditioning, security lighting, water access, lifts, elevators, you name it, they've got it right. Fire Systems, blah, blah. The problem is in most cases those systems are pretty interconnected, you know, pretty disparate. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[03:26]*: They don't necessarily work together, they don't talk to each other, they all do a great job, but they do it separately, effectively. Our platform is a genic AI wrapper. It's, it's trained on the walls. Physics. So physics, thermonuclear dynamics, weather, how's the temperature going to affect things? And it optimizes all of those systems, 2 4, 7, 3, 6, 5, at the same time, making tens of thousands of micro adjustments and positions every day. All of which means that you've now got a, you know, a building system operating more harmoniously. All of the different disparate systems are working together and critically can really help to reduce operating expenditure for the operator and actually in cases improved income because of the vagaries of the way the commercial real estate market works, that has an outsized effect in terms of the valuation of property. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[04:18]*: So that, you know, and it's very well deployed. It's been sitting in 10,000 system, 10,000 building data sets across China, as I say, the China space, including Universal Studios, including Big Hotels reports Were creating as a vehicle to scale that internationally. So were funded separately. We had to be funded by, you know, in, in, which is why we based here, our first market which we're launching into, which actually will be Singapore, which we're launching right now, that will be followed by London and the UK over the next sort of two or three months. By the end of this year we're going to be in 10 countries. By the end of next year we'll be in 20 countries of the world. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[04:58]*: So, you know, we are pretty ambitious but we're also pretty confident because we've got this platform that is, you know, it's very well established, it's proven effectively. So that kind of gives you an idea about who we are. Obviously, as I say, we are a startup from. So from a marketing perspective, I mean, I literally landed, you know, five weeks ago, four weeks ago. So we are starting effectively from scratch. We're building our martech system ecosystem. Michael and his team, which run the AI office. Obviously an AI office in an AI company is pretty fundamentally important. It's not just what we're taking to market, it's also defining how we work ourselves. So that's really important. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[05:43]*: I mean, I've spent the last 10 years of my career in marketing, leadership roles with companies like Accenture and ThoughtWorks and for the most of, well A big chunk of that time. Certainly over the last three or four years I've been having, I've been part of weekly sort of leadership, marketing leadership meetings which is okay, how are we going to embed AI into our legacy processes? Which invariably means which. Which teams are we going to be laying off this week and stuff like that. It's pretty disruptive. Right. We've got the chance of building not just in marketing actually right across the business which is why it's so important. Right. You know, across every business partnership building from scratch, ground up, but with AI embedded into it. Now we still need some external systems, we still need an ATM CRM. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[06:30]*: That's why we're having the conversation today. But at the core we'll be working through this foundation of Claude and Splack, connected to all of the different component tools that we need within that Martech stack to make sure that we're genuinely sharing information dynamically through that ecosystem. But it does start. CRO is the critical piece for us in terms of outside sort of the slack broad foundation because we need somewhere that we can manage house control, our single source of truth for every client. So just want to. We're starting with the CM and I'm sort of bored myself actually so I'll probably bored you. So I've said it before you because you heard it before but. So that's where we're currently at. So when we're open. So we've been talking to some CRM providers this week. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[07:26]*: We are a young, agile, dynamic, fast moving AI company. So we're talking to some slightly more traditional companies in the space. Some much faster, younger, more agile CRMs like yourself. We've had. You will be the fifth vendor we're talking to this week. We've already dropped one of them. 
**Moses Francis** *[07:50]*: Why is that a curiosity? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[07:54]*: They were not young and agile. Ain't that the truth. Yeah, we felt that we had to. It was their way or the highway. So they do talk up a good game on AI. But they do. Yeah, yeah but it was their way or the highway. So we took the highway. Here we are. Yeah, so we're very curious because you keep. Your company keeps popping up everywhere however you're doing the marketing, it's really good. I mean whether it's product LED or I've been hearing about the one conversation for quite a while, even before manager because we're very much looking for tools that work system of record across different parts. So you know, our finance department's using Xero not the most AI based friendly system but it does have a robust set of APIs. So that's good. It's a good start. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[08:46]*: We're looking at deal for hr. That's what we've adopted. That's a bit better. Wiens linear because my group not tracks and size of which tools do we deploy out. So the shooting clause Gemini and bunch of other systems. So linear distracts and issues and it's very AI friendly and so on and so forth. So it's the same thing with the whole marketing stack, not just CRM. CRM really is the system of record, the customer base, as you know, the entire pipeline. Extremely important. But we want it to work first of all as a traditional CRM, you know, with all the UI and all of that. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[09:26]*: But at the other end of the screen it should also be able to work completely headlessly where everything is done through AI and that, you know, there are times when you want to be able to have that level of control. Not every system is able to fully work it particularly in the configuration side. So that's kind of my agenda is you know, can we work across that range of user interface. 
**Moses Francis** *[09:52]*: So there's zero. What, what other tools are in the tech stack there. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[09:58]*: So we talked about cloud. Well actually I mean broad and, and sliding. The only ones that are fully baked in. 
**Moses Francis** *[10:06]*: Yeah. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[10:07]*: Because for everything else that sort of work, I mean there are some things we use Google cross case. Yeah. So that's an important one. We use that for everything. We use Fireflies which is our transcription call recording software. That will be an important one. We're using it right now. Right now. So that will you know, conversations automatically be uploaded. The relevant parts of conversations automatically dynamic. We're going on straight to the CRM and platform. We'll have a project management tool plugged in there somewhere. That's not just the Martin but that will be across the business. Those are the ones that are sort of defined and it's really Google and Fireflies, Slack and Claude which are truly baked in. Yeah, the Claude is really, I would say the difference is for most of our employees they use Gemini. It's just included in Google. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[10:59]*: It's, it's very good price performance. You know the new 35 bonds actually very good. Claude is really where we want to do the gentic stuff because you know the harness is really well designed and you know that today they dropped another huge improvement and they just keep doing it. But it's not just their LLM. LLMs are all roughly the same. It's the harness that they built around it, the gentic tools and so we actually use Claude. So Andrew lives in coworkers not the chat mode. I live in the code parts of it built in CLI and stuff where we're actually interacting with the code and we also have built something that I have to say I'm quite proud of. We built a memory system. It's a knowledge base that captures everything the transcript and we build effectively. It's modeled around a wiki. 
**Moses Francis** *[11:53]*: Yeah. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[11:54]*: So it literally it fills a gap which currently there's no commercial product in the marketplace. This today of continual learning it keeps getting better. We've been running my department one for over two months now and it just keeps improving as it ingests more information and sorts it out. It categorizes it and tells us how decisions were made. It links to the system of truth of record and all of that and it provides the right context that you need when you need it. And it's, it's right now kind of I would say beta testing. Andrew's one of our laborats on this. My group is another one. We have a CEO on this. Too much of it. Well we're testing, we're learning. It's. It's like a guts jagged but its functionality is actually really good. Yeah. 
**Moses Francis** *[12:49]*: And then how big is that go to market team like that sales team like how many people would you be looking for the CRM? Andrew. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[12:56]*: Sorry, sorry. 
**Moses Francis** *[12:58]*: Marketing team. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[12:59]*: Hold on, let me just count it through one. We asked come back to that point where startups sort of stroke semi scale up because we've got a time tested but I mean will we. You know I'm just about to make my. Well I'm just about to keep on hiring first time so we will be growing. Yeah. Now that was. I was going to say we are not going to be. You know the environments I come from, you know I mean obviously accentures a massive organization. You know huge multi billion dollar revenue but you know when I worked there they had an arting function of 1200 globally. ThoughtWorks actually will be overtaking ThoughtWorks in terms of revenue probably within three years even they were 150 people or something like that. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[13:38]*: We're never going to have a marketing function of you know 150 people or even 30 people. Hopefully we may grow as a marketing team maybe 10 people as a maximum. I would say that's probably not for five years because come back we're at a gentle AI company, we believe that we should be doing things right and taking that AI first approach. So I mean I'm already doing the work of probably three or four people, 5K because of what Micro created. So that will be important. But so in terms of number of licenses, we're never going to be a massive, but not going to be a massive climb for an RTO from a sales perspective, we'll have maybe one or two in every market. We'll need a license. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[14:27]*: I mean we'll have to figure out what that actually looks like in terms of workflow and architecture and stuff like that. But so there'll be some sales people. But yeah, but I think where, I think, sorry, every country will be touched and customers. Yeah, no, so probably a CEO and a sort of commercial role. But I mean we don't know what those numbers are. But you know, totally in three years time we might have as a maximum 30 licenses, something like that. We're never going to be a massive customer of Azure, but I think we'll be a really cool customer for Azure because we'll be doing some really cool stuff in terms of that AI optimization for. Want to be a better word? 
**Moses Francis** *[15:09]*: Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely. And I think the kind of segmentation of ATTIO itself is pretty all across the board. Right. So we work with SMBs, agencies, VC funds, and that's kind of the one promise of it is that it's a pretty agnostic platform. A lot of what you've been saying is like basically how we've built this platform in mind and we'll book some other time to go through a full demo, but kind of just want to talk about the context of what we've discussed right now. The very first element, and I would say probably there's about four or five building blocks that comprise what ATTIO is. The very first one is an incredibly flexible and customizable data model. Right. And so we're just not focused on mapping out just your sales process, which is you can absolutely do. 
**Moses Francis** *[15:58]*: We also have custom objects that is then able to map out anything that as long as we have an integration or an API connection you're able to do. Right. So a really good example of that based off this conversation would be we can basically run an API connection to Xerox and have that read and write back into Atio and then have that kind of like synchronous kind of element that's happening between the both two platforms. The other one would be an example of linear. Right and then through that, you can kind of create this relational database that's able to tie to any data sets that lives and exist within attio. And so I, I always kind of like, I always like to take two steps back and say ATIO is not just a CRM. 
**Moses Francis** *[16:41]*: And I think in a sense of that, like it's a little bit of a wrong message. Right. What we are is a relational data model that basically any data set that you want to track, that you want to gain visibility into, and then if you wanted to make it a little bit more autonomous in the sense of that you're going to automate things that used to be manual, you're then able to kind of use our secondary layer, which is our workflows, to be able to automate a lot of that. Right. So if it was something along the lines of when a record comes into our website, we want that to automatically create a person record that we want it to automatically tie to maybe the payment link and, or contract associated with Xero, you'd be able to do that. 
**Moses Francis** *[17:23]*: And then as we started thinking further down the line, we have tools like to be able to quickly write SQL, to be able to kind of enable your own tools. We also have a call transcription tool. So actually in the sense you wouldn't actually need Fireflies. The great thing about the call transcription tool, automatically pass parches onto that record and then gives you an element of being able to interact with it, send emails from it, because it always has context. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[17:48]*: But repeat that again. Say that again. Sorry, I sort of missed it, but I saw something. 
**Moses Francis** *[17:56]*: Yeah,. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[17:59]*: We're having some problems with Fireflies, which is. It's not very good. So it was, I think they launched during COVID when everybody was sitting behind a computer and you could identify the speaker. 
**Moses Francis** *[18:11]*: Yeah. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[18:11]*: Based on what Zoom account they were on. But we are not, you know, we don't do remote work. We're here physically in the office, you know, where do we work? And we do a lot of our meetings like this one right now, and it just doesn't recognize and identify the speakers accurately. 
**Moses Francis** *[18:27]*: Yeah. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[18:28]*: And we're having to do it manually and it doesn't carry other excuses. It's privacy rules. I don't know if that is applicable. But anyway, so it's got some limitations. It's also been very buggy lately, so. But here's the thing, it's used internally as well. It's not just customer facing something like that. It is every meeting we have, I say that the AI joins the meeting because it is a participant because it collects all that and then feeds it back to that memory system that's telling you about the wiki. So it's a very core piece. It's probably one of the most important pieces that we have to be able to capture all the institutional knowledge. Like Andrew, I used to work at a big company, I was at intel with thousands of people failed in marketing. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[19:12]*: And you know that institutional knowledge in any company is the most important thing and that's what we're capturing. So the recording, the transcribing and then processing of it is super important. 
**Moses Francis** *[19:28]*: Yeah, yeah. And I think that that is very. That that's possible and that our transcription tool right now would enable you to do that. You'll see that it's on the call right now. It's parsing through the information that we're talking about transcribing that in real life time. And I can actually just go to it right now and I'll be able to ask it, you know, what did Andrew mention or what did Michael mention about xyz? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[19:49]*: Yeah, you could do that because we're in the same room and differentiate and capture Xander and keep that sort of consistent. That would be very cool. 
**Moses Francis** *[20:00]*: Yeah, yeah, no, exactly. That's. That's a big feature set within ATTIO itself. I think, I think at the end of the day the. And we'll set a time for later this week or next week to go through a full demo based off a lot of this context that you gave me. But I think for what we pride ourselves is kind of giving you that revenue engine of everything across the board right from initially when leads are coming onto your website, you know, based off those marketing efforts, funneling into a system and then automating all that process from basically a lead to a qualified stage all the way until a closed one process would easily be able to do so kind of based off that itself. Andrew, I know it's the end of the day for you guys. 
**Moses Francis** *[20:49]*: Would love to book a time sometime next week where based off what we talked about now, I would love to kind of show a broader demo of Azio. We'll go through a couple of things based off the data model. We'll talk about some of the automations. We'll then also go into some of the other adjacent features such as call transcription, building workflows, things along those lines. How does that sound? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[21:14]*: Yeah, I mean our actual needs from a CRM perspective are fairly straightforward. Right. What's different, it's how we interact and access that. But you know, we have companies, we have, you know, companies which are at various levels, grandparent, parent, child. We have a relationship between some companies and others which is informal and we're not going to bore into the details why. But that relationship isn't just about ownership. It could also be a partnership. And so we work B2B2B model, this is business partnership model. So we need to be able to track that. But it sounds like that sort of the, you know, being able, it sounds like, you know, through the objects sort of functionality, all of that is made configurable. So our requirements from a CRM perspective, you know, fairly straightforward. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[22:10]*: We all be able to read it, you know, use it to manage our engagement, have a single source of truth for every client, know exactly where they're at, understand who the different decision makers, attach leads and contacts or opportunities. Manage your opportunities through that pipeline. Use it to be able to create a pipeline reporting a sales forecast and stuff like that. It's pretty off standard from that aspect. What's different is where's the interface with the scouter? That's the, you know, sort of the broader AI piece. Well, there's what I call the legacy interface, but then there's a new interface which is a jet. But I like the fact that the way you described the data model, it's being very flexible which that I think very interesting. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[22:54]*: And in particular, you know, the thing that we're seeing right now, especially because this whole agent thing is very new. 
**Moses Francis** *[23:01]*: Yeah, yeah, it's months old. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[23:04]*: It really took off December of last year. So we,. 
**Moses Francis** *[23:09]*: And I think part and parcel to what you all said and mentioned alluded to initially is the fact that you also sometimes don't want to go a little too new. Right. You talked about like were, we have this kind of bifurcation of like we're going to go with some old tools and some new tools. You had a conversation the new tool and it was maybe a little too new. Right. Inherently still a CRM is a system of record. That's what you needed to do initially. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[23:33]*: And then every department has. Yeah, the bottom line I'm setting up AI is you have a system record which anchors the stone. So what happened? But what is missing, what system record cannot do is why and how it happened. 
**Moses Francis** *[23:48]*: Yeah. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[23:48]*: And that's what the. So what we're doing right now is we actually started my department, we take the transcript from Fireflies, we run it through a skill Of Claude indirectly manipulates linear and enters and updates. So first of all we enrich the data linear through AI but we also enrich it through our knowledge base. But we actually directly manipulate each issue, update it, move it, recategorize it based on the transcript. We hardly ever look at the screen but it's transcript. The transcript drives is not just a recording of a. You know, we don't care about the summary of the individual people. That's not what it's for. That's how most people see it. It is a core driver of our knowledge and the actions that it takes. And then what we're saving that memory system is the why did we do these things? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[24:39]*: Why did we decide in that particular tool that we didn't want to use it? Because it was missing. You know they trained our data for example which is a no, we don't want that. Or it didn't intergrate with Google or Slack. So we have a set of criteria but everything runs automatically driven by cloud skills and agencies based on the transcript but it then has to maintain that system record which is immutable in a sense. Right. So we want to apply that same philosophy to marketing. I used to be in marketing so I kind of understand what Andrew's got to do enough to be dangerous and annoying to him but. But you know, I get it but I want to sort of combine those two things and the way we work. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[25:19]*: So that's what we'd be looking for with Adio as well to be able to do that same kind of way of working. It becomes a source also because inquiring the knowledge base we also want to know the facts and we also big believers in enriching each entry which can be done both in terms of. Because what's very interesting is once you have the knowledge base of how you operate as a company and everything but when you go and you look for stuff it is able to tell you this is why this is important to you, this is why you should care about this piece of information. It's not just you know, this is how, it's why you should care or why it's not relevant. Yeah, forget about it. It doesn't fit who we are and how we work and what we're looking to do. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[26:02]*: So this to me is where you're going to get a 10, maybe 50x improvement. Now we do our work. 
**Moses Francis** *[26:11]*: Yeah. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[26:11]*: And I think. 
**Moses Francis** *[26:12]*: And that's the general mantra. Yeah, I think that's the general and. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[26:16]*: I know you guys get it. I've read some of your stuff, X and everything. So let's see if we can take it to the next level, really get deeper into that. 
**Moses Francis** *[26:25]*: Lovely. Awesome. What times are you guys free? Later this week or sometime early next week? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[26:34]*: Sorry, say that again. 
**Moses Francis** *[26:36]*: What time are you with the demo? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[26:40]*: Oh, what demo? Ideally, we have the demo this week. Actually, I sort of expected the demos to take place today, if I'm perfectly honest. 
**Moses Francis** *[26:48]*: Yeah. I typically like to just like, understand the business a little bit more because I think I want to give a demo with the context of your business rather than just like a headless demo. Right. And so always kind of use this time to be able to ask a lot of questions and then I'll take time to prepare that demo. That's very personalized. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[27:07]*: That's okay. I want to tell you dangerously close to something that the other vendor said to us and we picked those results, so it's fine. I just hope you want to find out a little bit more. As long as you go and ask us. Go and have another house called the Solution Architect. 
**Moses Francis** *[27:24]*: No, don't worry. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[27:26]*: Tomorrow. That will be tomorrow. I think so. Yeah. Does tomorrow work? 
**Moses Francis** *[27:31]*: Yeah, tomorrow work. Tomorrow works. Would. Would. Sometime around I. I would now, actually. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[27:44]*: Maybe not. 
**Moses Francis** *[27:46]*: Would. Yeah. Would. Would. 2:30 My time, which is. Actually, this is a little bit late for you guys, right? 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[27:54]*: Yeah. 
**Moses Francis** *[27:54]*: A little bit earlier. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[27:56]*: Yes. 
**Moses Francis** *[27:57]*: Yeah. What do we do a little bit earlier? Does 11am work by any chance? Or 11:30. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:01]*: Yeah, won't work for me. I've got. I've got. I've got something to. But I can do. I can do 2:30, so I can do 11:30. 
**Moses Francis** *[28:12]*: Yeah, 11:30. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:14]*: 11:30. 
**Moses Francis** *[28:15]*: BST. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:17]*: Yes. 
**Moses Francis** *[28:18]*: Yeah, 11:30 BST is perfect. We'll do 11:30 until 12. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:23]*: Can we ask you to send me the invite? 
**Moses Francis** *[28:26]*: Yeah, I'm sending it right now as we speak. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:28]*: Okay. Can we do it in Google or is it always I'll send you the invite now, whereas. Just let me do it. Yeah, we prefer Google. 
**Moses Francis** *[28:37]*: Yeah, yeah, I have it. I have it on Google and I'll. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:39]*: I'll. 
**Moses Francis** *[28:39]*: I'll do it from Google. No worries. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[28:41]*: Okay, doing it. Google Meets then. Great. 
**Moses Francis** *[28:43]*: Y. 11:30 Just sent it. I'll take off Zoom and we'll do Google. Just doing it right now as we speak. And you should be able to see it now. Let me know. Shouldn't have came now. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[29:04]*: So while we're waiting, I'm just curious. I was looking at your LinkedIn. I see you used to live in the Bay area. 
**Moses Francis** *[29:10]*: Yeah, I worked for a company there for A little bit. About a year and a half or so. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[29:13]*: Me, too. 
**Moses Francis** *[29:17]*: Oh, amazing. Oh, it's. It's a great place in San Francisco. But, yeah, I spent most of my time in New York and Toronto for the most part. And then now I'm like. Now I'm in London. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[29:30]*: New York used to be home for me, too. 
**Moses Francis** *[29:32]*: Okay. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[29:33]*: New York, actually. When I was in the Bay Area, I was Po Alto, Ford Brands. It's a long time ago. It's affordable now. 
**Moses Francis** *[29:42]*: I guess I'm seeing my future right there. I'll end up in Dubai at some point, so that's. That's what I should be looking for. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[29:47]*: And funnily enough, I grew up in London as well, of course. So, yeah,. 
**Moses Francis** *[29:53]*: You let me know where you live, and I'll make sure that as I go through the next couple of years, I'll ensure I'll live there for a bit. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[29:59]*: Well, Dubai is a good place. I have to say, spite of what's been going on, it's quite an amazing. 
**Moses Francis** *[30:08]*: All right, well, Andrew, Michael, really excited about tomorrow. Thank you so much for giving me time of your day. I know it's late and so really excited to chat a little bit more. I think tomorrow a lot of what we talked about, you'll kind of see in action. I think it'll paint a much more thorough picture of what we're building and how we can kind of, you know, coincide and kind of synergize there with. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[30:29]*: Okay. And I'll bring my engineer in to join us as well, so we could get more technical sort of stuff. Yeah, you may want to extend those. I've seen the diary come through. It's half an hour. Probably need more than half an hour. Yeah, you might want to just extend it for another 30 minutes to make it an hour. If we don't need it. We don't need it, but I suspect we'll. A lot of questions. 
**Moses Francis** *[30:53]*: Awesome. Yeah, I will. Awesome, folks. Appreciate it. We'll talk tomorrow. 
**jdg-cr02_janusd** *[30:59]*: Yeah, look forward to it. 
