# Emma McCall - Jun 03

**Meeting Date:** 3rd Jun, 2026 - 2:00 PM

---

**Bonaventure Wong** *[00:00]*: We learn how to do this from scratch. It's just your knowledge, domain knowledge, to kind of drive what that looks like. Then when that's kind of, you know, you've got a complete team, including another two more just to support and really build up these kind of modules and programs and in the way that you think, you know, from your experience and how we engage. We do have one more person, but he's sitting in Singapore. So he's our like remote relationship kind of looking at, really looking at how we will interact with you guys, but also support with regards to building the program itself. Now when we get everything more or less on the first phase, second phase, I think it's important that you guys all go to Singapore and spend some time, you know, literally in a real environment. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[00:59]*: We have the Keppel building right there. And really look at what that means for them to connect and also what, you know, looking at their level of understanding of their domain expertise and how hard would it connect with us. And it's kind of like a guinea pig kind of scenario. More on the practical side, these guys are all about the AI tools. They built something very credible that will kind of outlast us, but it's a way for all of us getting access to one repository. And that repository is live, it's adding, it's growing. It's basically part of our ingest. I'll let you kind of introduce a bit of that, but really about ingesting everything. So thinking about how are these engineers on the ground, drive that back to us, which are not our engineers or third parties, to help them do their job better. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[02:02]*: Yeah, and that's really the kind of flywheel that we're really kind of excited about. We will use our own models, we use some languages, we'll use any kind of model to really enhance that particular task that they're looking at. So even though it's a. We're already in Singapore, I'm going to the UK afterwards to kind of close that market. We'll have two lighthouse market countries to really grow. Dilemma will grow very fast because I, you know, because of the situation, I'm a couple of months behind, but we'll be in 10 countries by this end of this year, financially, operationally, I think probably earlier this year, but really using Singapore as a test ground to look at. And we'll onboard Some more PoCs on that market because we can't do it here because of the situation. And they're ready to kind of push that through. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[03:03]*: And also really talking about our internal training, certification Level and also I think some of the other, all the other markets will have country head for the training certification. We kind of moved away with the word training to certification. We don't want to kind of come across that we're displacing people, that you have to be trained for something new in that kind of context. But more you're still where you are with your domain expertise. We're just certifying you to connect to us, to make sure that you know, so that bridge is much shorter than a long prediction. I have to learn a whole new skill where you already have the skill. We just want you to connect here and there, sort of get to know us and make it efficient. 
**Michael Bruck** *[03:55]*: Yeah, more efficient. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[03:55]*: And it really, we have this technology that we can really create a very interesting kind of connectivity. So Michael came out of Intel. He was very fortunate as a chief researcher for any grove. So he's an inspiration of what we're doing right now with regards to our Obsidian repository. It is important for every company, I would say, to have a department called the AI native because these tools are moving so fast. There are new ones, old ones, outdated, they all get bad. It's a big horse race that's really kind of really outpacing us because we're so focused. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[04:44]*: And part of this whole building this engine for certification, the program, training, eventually even the AI here is really create a agent as a service and then we will deploy topnet by showcasing how we did it internally and then we take it out so that there's tests and we test through really good data points that are not small companies, that are large institutions. And that is going to be our validation, which is quite exciting as well, what we're building out as well. 
**Emma McCall** *[05:23]*: Good. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[05:24]*: Michael, you want to share about that whole. 
**Michael Bruck** *[05:28]*: So I mean, welcome. 
**Emma McCall** *[05:30]*: Thank you. 
**Michael Bruck** *[05:32]*: I'm sure it's a lot to absorb. 
**Emma McCall** *[05:36]*: Well, yes. You know, some of it feels very familiar and obviously some of it is totally new. And I'm very new to AI myself. 
**Michael Bruck** *[05:43]*: I was just going to ask how much of each. 
**Emma McCall** *[05:45]*: So I've got a big learning curve myself, you know, for this also. I'm still the first target group for the certification is the customers, BMS engineers. Is that still. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[05:58]*: Yeah, there still is. There are. Because I think from a point of on the ground, every country they have the domain expertise, which is our building solution, architect. Everything that really brings in the delivery side of the customer facing. That's still ongoing everywhere. 
**Emma McCall** *[06:18]*: So, so that's. And that's still the first, the primary group that we want to target and we want to use them to, as we said before, to be the guinea pigs so that they can go through the improvement cycle. And then once we're, you know, confident, of course it's always going to be improving, but once we're confident we can then replicate that. Is that still the plan? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[06:39]*: The plan is also to add to that is we have, I would say a whole year to iterate. Perfect. But we're still rolling out because each market is different. Yeah. So nuance, I would say we nailed down Singapore. We see the engagement is good. They're really getting learning pretty quick and they be able to connect to us perfectly that we know that this works. 
**Emma McCall** *[07:03]*: Yes. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[07:03]*: Then we go to the UK and I might have to go to the pub more often, but you know what I mean. So some of our E learning, one our classroom and that's going to drive our space really. So if they're mainly classroom or on the ground. One thing we've now kind of pushed from a messaging and brand and so on is we don't want to really think of ourselves more of a displacement or engineers as we're here to empower you, provide you tools and we'll certify you using these tools. Tools to do your job better like that. So meaning you don't have to go out adult school, you know, do your learning and go back and find a place for yourself. Yeah, no, you still continue what you're doing, use the AI tools we provide to you, we certify you so that you. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[07:53]*: It's got to be some kind of level and you continue what you do without any disruption and hopefully this will give you a better hands. There are going to be a situation where we see people don't use AI and I think those are the ones who kind of made their decisions. 
**Emma McCall** *[08:10]*: And that's what I was going to say is it surely must be like mixed abilities within the, you know, within the team itself, more tenured people, you know, more. More of the junior, et cetera. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[08:22]*: So yeah, I think this is where you. Where we kind of look at how do we. I mean the aim is to train the trainer inside. So they're going to be very senior. So I think that's a good approach into it. And then we work together, a collaboration. How do we help you train the younger ones and such and then we can kind of build that on too. Eventually we'll saturate exhausted every single senior engineer who unfortunately will have to. Oh, fortunately they'll retire with a nice paycheck but more importantly, how do we drive the younger, you know, apprenticeship through this program at the end of the day which is really to fill up, prepare them into buildings that exist forever. And so I think that's the exciting part of the learning curve of education using technology in a way that we can. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[09:18]*: I think what's really exciting about this is that we can touch every data point in real time and we can iterate that program specifically individually. And I think that's very powerful because everyone has a very different learning curve understanding and without AI really is that power that enables that they can have a more tailored customized learning but still achieving that end result, which is really exciting. So I'll leave Michael to talk about the tool side and then Rosa will talk about the actual content, the actual what they've built and gives you an. 
**Emma McCall** *[10:02]*: Idea and I can see it as well. That's what I would really like to do because obviously that's going to help me put it all into context is show me the tool working and then I can exactly, I can look at it reverse engineering and understand sound. 
**Michael Bruck** *[10:18]*: Well, there's two sides to that. One is the tools that they're going to need to certify the BMS engineers to use and then there are the tools that we're building which is. It's more than just tools. So you know, AI has been around for ages, but the new AI that we're using, you said you only begun dabbling in it or which ones? Just, just kind of. 
**Emma McCall** *[10:40]*: So. So I come from a big corporate so there's a lot of restrictions and checks that go in place before we can even use it internally. And they obviously try to build their own internal one as well to make sure so it's. But it's really limited. 
**Michael Bruck** *[10:56]*: Yeah, I, I know the big corporate world, so does Euclid. Both been A very large AT&T intel. 
**Emma McCall** *[11:03]*: They think that they're AI focused but they're really not. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[11:05]*: It's not, you know, we're focused on the two letter. 
**Michael Bruck** *[11:09]*: Well, I would say as I said Silicon Valley we're very AI pilled over here, especially the two of us. And actually from a learning standpoint it's very interesting. So I began my life at intel as a software engineer and then I went to the dark side. I went into marketing and finance and you know, all over the place. And Interestingly enough about two years ago when the AI, the generative AI as we specifically because AI came about in the 1950s. It's been around a long time. But what we're dealing with now is deep learning neural networks that can create. Generate content, whether it's video, images, and most importantly, text and code software and anything. So I've actually been. I'm actually, after an absence from writing software for decades, I'm writing software now. I learned how to. Again, how to start developing software. 
**Michael Bruck** *[12:03]*: And I'm not talking just that. I mean, these are like. So we work together as. And it's because of the capabilities of AI that's actually been able to bring me back up to where I left off, because I fell far behind all the new languages, the development frameworks and everything. So it's an incredibly useful capabilities in terms of using it to learn. I mean, as I. As I discovered on my own. I mean, Jihad's still a much better programmer than I am because he's been learning all the latest tools. But we had fun together. So the thing we've been tackling is there are many ways you can skin this cat, right? There are many ways that AI could be deployed within a company. Usually it begins as a personal productivity tool. So everybody gets a copy of Gemini, who joins Janus. 
**Michael Bruck** *[12:45]*: It's plugged into the Gmail. It can help you craft messages, improve your writing, create presentations. You know, so as an individual, productivity to what's great. But the part that's been missing, because the AI models that we use, there are two components. One is the information that we trained on, which is the entirety of the Internet. So they have a lot of knowledge, but the knowledge is out of date and it's not relevant to what we do. It doesn't know anything about Janus. It doesn't know. It's just been trained on the public Internet, primarily. But it does have cognitive capabilities. It does have. And that's the aspect that's been improving tremendously, its ability to think and solve and go beyond that. So the. Beyond the. So our role here is twofold. One is to determine which are the best tools for employees to use. 
**Michael Bruck** *[13:36]*: So we've got a list. We have a process that we go through which we use AI to help us go through that process. Somebody suggests a tool and we evaluate it. And then when it's approved, we say, okay, this one is a good one to use. You should use it. We'll work with Euclid to then deploy it throughout the company. So in our case, it's. Gemini is the primary tool. Claud from Anthropic is a secondary tool. But that one is very specialized. It's not for. First of all, it's much more expensive. It's 10 times the cost of Gemini. So we don't want to just throw it out there. But for certain things we're finding it to be very suitable. In particular, it's been well known that it's very good at writing code and it really excels at it. 
**Michael Bruck** *[14:20]*: All they saw is chatgpt and now Source Gemini. So they're all beginning to be at the same. But the area that has not been getting much attention and from the industry at all is AI for and you worked at a big corporate AI to help management, to help information flow, to address some of the management challenges that any large corporation has to deal with. And we began by addressing one of the limitations was memory. So the AI systems as we know, they don't have a memory. You can give it prompts, you can give it a little bit of information like add a few documents, but they don't remember and they don't learn, particularly domain specific learning. So what Jan and I have been building and we're prototyping it already with ourselves, so we run the group using it. 
**Michael Bruck** *[15:08]*: It's roughly, conceptually like a wiki, like Wikipedia. You have lots of people contributing to it, everybody adds to it, but at the end of the day you've got encyclopedic knowledge. We're doing the same thing for the company, except the contributors of the wiki is not people, it's AI agents. So we started it off as an experiment and we realized this thing began to grow to the point that it's actually surprisingly effective. So the way we work, just to give you an example, what we do, so we sit down every morning, we have a software terminology, the stand up meeting. We don't stand, but we have a quick briefing. 
**Michael Bruck** *[15:48]*: The AI joins it records it and then when we're done with the meeting, we instruct the AI to go off and go through a set of rules and it literally will update our task management system. So we use Monday, which is a task management and it interprets what were talking and we're doing it right now. The AI is joining this meeting as well. And it actually does work. And it also, in addition to doing what usually a person would have to do and say, well, you decided you're going to do this task and that task, this one's been completed, this one's delayed, this one's ahead of schedule, it builds all that for us and it adds to the wiki. So the wiki is a closed loop continuous learning system. We have now a few thousand Files, entries. 
**Michael Bruck** *[16:37]*: Actually, can you show Emma the obsidian just so she gets it idea of it, what we've got. So what it does is it can capture knowledge and capture information from sensors, equivalent conversations, documents, all sorts of raw information, and it then turns it into knowledge. It doesn't just keep it as a. So this system on the right, this is what Clonaventure mentions. Obsidian on the left are different. So if you look at any one of these, this is how the knowledge is kept. Do the cloud. That's always there, that thing represents every item of knowledge. So every dot is a file and they're all interconnected. It's a knowledge graph. So if you look at any one, click on it. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[17:39]*: Me. 
**Michael Bruck** *[17:40]*: Everything that is in here, about me, I didn't put it in. It just learned from multiple conversations, multiple documents, what I do, how I do it, where I fit in and below it, everything I'm connected to. So this is the knowledge base. This is a section. If you look up Bonaventure, you can't find it. But so. So the bigger the dot is, the more connections it has. So the reason it's designed this way is it allows when you want to extract some information, it allows you to the AI to navigate through it and find the relevant pieces of information. So going back to why we think this is very useful is going back to what Euclid and Rosa are working on. They have a huge amount of knowledge which they have assembled in a large amount of files, documents. It's a big spreadsheet. 
**Michael Bruck** *[18:36]*: There's a lot of information that they've captured, but that information is like just a lot of files, like hundreds, if not thousands of documents. And within each document there's more information. This allows us to organize all that information in such a way that the AI can then access it. So, for example, go in the cloud. Let's go, let's do this. 
**Emma McCall** *[18:56]*: And then it can analyze that information. 
**Michael Bruck** *[18:59]*: It can convert that knowledge into any way you want to do it. Which one are you in here? Do you have? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[19:07]*: So if you're like building a program for our BIM connectivity by asking it, you can drive over that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[19:19]*: New test. I want to make sure you're. It's in the right project, which is the prime rating. Right. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[19:25]*: And then you look at this is your one, and then we test it out and say this is right. That becomes another. It's pretty powerful. 
**Emma McCall** *[19:34]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Michael Bruck** *[19:35]*: So I could do something like. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[19:37]*: So now you don't have to really look at every single file, every blueprint, every. It's there and it knows where they are and it knows as a knowledge. And so for you to drive you focus on the output is I need a program for drawing a 2D and what is the steps to do it and you'll do it. A lot of information we cannot even remember, let's say so in this conversation going on and say this is why the closed loop when you have, you know, candidates are being certified, you can actually know if it's doing well or not. He's stuck somewhere, she's stuck somewhere. And you close that loop and then help him with a new idea or new questions or whatever it is to get him through. Because we all learn very differently and we can't fit one for everyone. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[20:30]*: And that is the beauty about AI. We can be very tailored for individual and even have their own career path with our program. And you can see what that whole engine is going to create. The ability to take people through this journey much quicker, more effectively so that they can do their job and have a career. 
**Emma McCall** *[20:51]*: The end point is still the same. It's just how people get to it. Yes, you know, and so the obviously there's going to be a certain level of knowledge and understanding that they need to have in order to be. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[21:04]*: Yes, exactly. So they have to be domains. So you have a benchmark that what is our kind of gap that is, you know, shortening in the sense of being certified. If the gap is too wide, then it becomes a problem. And that's why we have possibilities, you know, figuring out what how do we match the professional license, career, years of work, you know, certain questions, whatever we decide, maybe there is some examination or some simple test to get on to kind of assess them and then go out and then to say these are programs. But it should be, it'll be very cool if it's all self learning and it becomes very much gamified. And then they kind of oh, I want to get to the next one and next one. That's good for us. Right. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[21:49]*: Instead of being stuck and you know, and then on the LinkedIn they'll get a badge or whatever it is in a way that is really going to help us get us out there and get as many people connected to us. 
**Speaker 4** *[22:03]*: Also during their learning they might have a lot of questions when they do the work because they are not in our organization. So with a knowledge base, it's easier for them to get the answer if the answer is not from one document. This is the answer from several documents combined together to tell them how to do the answer step by step. So I think this is easier for them to find the answer. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[22:25]*: So it feels, they feel like they're part of us because they know as much as we know. That's the goal. That's right. And we do have some security levels,. 
**Michael Bruck** *[22:40]*: But you can't see our finances. I just asked it, how does a closed loop learning system compared to legacy types of approaches? So it went through the system and it said, well, legacy approaches. First of all, it says the wiki captures this pretty clearly across a few pages. Here's the comparison. So legacy is this thing called retriever augmented generation, which vector retrieval you sort of stored in the database, particularly type of database with semantic search. And that's what most people are doing. So they go there, they find something, they retrieve it. But as it says over here, it's not very efficient and it costs money to do so because every time you process tokens it's actually saying classic rag can be quite expensive. And then there's traditional wikis which are human maintained cross reference decay search degrades at scale. 
**Michael Bruck** *[23:32]*: And then it explains why are we. 
**Emma McCall** *[23:34]*: Different accuracy as well. It's like that general wiki, you know what it's like is that it falls. 
**Michael Bruck** *[23:39]*: Behind and it needs a. Yeah, true. So this system automatically keeps the wiki alive. So you know, if you, I mean this diagram here, if you were to do Wikipedia, you'd probably get something very similar because this system is very much inspired by Wikipedias. It actually has the links, which is what all these lines are between the blobs. So you could. Anything that's in the system you could ask. But it's not just a matter of having the information in there. It actually takes that information and it tracks things like decisions. Why did we decide. So I could ask things like why did we decide to do something a certain way? And it takes that information. So it's got three layers, it's got the raw data, it's got then extrapolations in terms of how the data is viewed. 
**Michael Bruck** *[24:23]*: So things like decisions, themes, concepts and then sometimes much more complicated derivatives of that. And once it's done at once, you, it doesn't have to reprocess that query from the ground zero each and every time, which also means it's much more predictable once it's done at once. And periodically we have to do housekeeping on it, but it's all automated. So we go through and we say, all right, go through and do your housekeeping. We call it Lens, which is a software technique and it finds orphaned bits of information Broken links, information that's getting old and stale and it helps tidy up Bonaventure. I say it's like when my mom used to come to my room, put my socks into this drawer and T shirts and, you know, the closet. She never did that. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[25:11]*: I went to boarding school. 
**Michael Bruck** *[25:13]*: Well, you had to do it yourself. But you're head of. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[25:17]*: Head of. 
**Michael Bruck** *[25:18]*: Yeah, my mom was. Yeah, she did that. She did that. So anyway, I don't want to get into too much detail. The point that we've got is it's a system now that can not only collect information, but just like Wikipedia, it can turn it into articles covering all sorts of different elements of it. It's extremely powerful. And then we're rolling it out slowly within different. Well, not that slowly, actually, different departments. But the priority now, because you will need this information and what we'll do is no two instantiations are identical. The other thing about this, unlike traditional software, which is very rigid and we have to adapt to the way the software is designed, this kind of system adapts to how we work. So our wiki for our group is already beginning to deviate from the wiki. 
**Michael Bruck** *[26:10]*: So we're doing for marketing and the wiki because we wanted to be able to adapt to the way the information is being. So that adaptation to how we need to see it is something we will work with you and with Rosa and Euclid to make sure that when it does that processing, it does it in a way that's most helpful to you to get the information done. The other thing which would be interesting to also consider is once we have all that information in there, it's not just a matter of presenting it, converting into presentation the people that we certify, if they need to, they can always query it as well. We could build a version of it that's for somebody to actually talk to and ask questions and analyze it as well. So there's many different ways I could also tell it. 
**Michael Bruck** *[26:59]*: Turn this into a PowerPoint deck or presentation format, turn it into a website which is interactive. So, you know, we can create lots of different ways of representing that information. It's a lot to absorb. It's a very new way of thinking. 
**Emma McCall** *[27:19]*: Is there anything that you can recommend? Obviously I don't. I'd like to start reading up myself and just trying to understand grass the base. Is there anything that I can have or read or before I actually start, just to. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[27:34]*: Would refrain from that in the sense of bringing what you've learned over these years, program the nuances, how do you work with the engineers? How do you get those effective? Because with this knowledge you can drive that's fuel. You're the car, that's the fuel. And how do we get there? It really depends on how you want that Ferrari or whatever it is electrical. But that is really where we want is your domain expertise to drive. What would it take for us to onboard certify a BMI or on a DTX using ilts and so on, so on that are going to be very common. Engineers which we have domain expertise already. So you have a match just on the knowledge base working together. You can see what the output looks like and say okay, this is right or wrong. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[28:32]*: And then I mean the only thing we have we don't want, we don't have right now, which we should when we have our POCs in Singapore, we want engineers with their recording on pin. So this is knowledge that they're doing things and say why? You know, we don't know why is he spending too much time on this? But it'd be cool if we know that and then that become a whole cycle. So right now I think with the POCs we have, it's already completed. So you see it but you don't see how it was deployed, how it was installed. Right. But with the new POCs we're hoping to get in Singapore that will drive some of that knowledge base coming back. But we also kind of sell that into the Keppel engineers that you should also. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[29:22]*: So for us to encourage them to have this so that it helps them learn in a real time of the engineers and such. And it's not to, you know, this is also messaging not to really kind of come across it. We're monitoring or we're, you know, going to penalize you. It's actually helping you to do your work much faster. And by doing that it's about this knowledge, it's this continuous feeding of that. So we look at a lot of people think about camera security. It's not, it's a lot more than that. It's about optimization, it's common credit. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[30:02]*: It could be just capital related, it could be saving, cleaning up floors because they see it or if you thing there just to keep the satisfaction of the end stakeholder which is the tenant or whoever it is also to learn from it at the same time. So we need the next layer is how do we find a way to engage that on an app. This is where the fun comes in. And so they were continuously doing the learning and such because we want to get all these workforce in the market, they're unionized and all that. So you want to make sure that they also support and how do we help them to get to the next level? Which is really, I think the exciting part. But the knowledge is right here. It's basically. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[30:54]*: I mean, what we're trying to say here is don't be daunted that you have to read everything and all that. It's already read by the AI. And the AI is there to empower you to build that program. And we use real kind of guinea pigs or if you want to call it our clients in Singapore, just to see how it's working. And that helps us to make changes and such. So then you have 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 6 people and another one in Singapore, 7 to really help you build that program out. 
**Emma McCall** *[31:33]*: And it's purely still on the Janus products. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[31:37]*: Right. 
**Emma McCall** *[31:38]*: There's nothing else, you know, obviously the knowledge that's going in from the BMS side is just to really support that. There's nothing else that we're training anybody on. It's just purely the product. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[31:51]*: Then we have to kind of build what that knowledge base looks like. I mean, this is the nuance here is that they're used to manuals. 
**Emma McCall** *[32:00]*: Yeah. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[32:00]*: And we're telling them, don't get manuals. You have a chat, text you whatever you ask, you take a picture or tell me what to do. And it gives you indication, guidance and such. That's the power. That's why Michael is saying that this is not public knowledge. This is very specifically on this property, on this key and all that. That is so much more powerful from a knowledge base. So honestly, the LLM knowledge base is outdated. It's great to find some information if. 
**Michael Bruck** *[32:32]*: You want to know, you know, something about the Roman Empire or Shakespeare, it's easy, right? It's great at that. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[32:37]*: But if you're trying to say what's going to happen next year for a play in, you know, at soho, this is where that knowledge base will start to have. Because you're going to be doing this much earlier stage of preparing, writing and all that. But having that, I think and then knowing, I mean this is the coolest thing about the marketing, our editorials and everything. We did a white paper share. We actually go and see the editors industry publication, see what they've written over the last six months and the year and we write it according to that. That's so powerful. So you get taken. You're not having some people in a silo. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[33:19]*: You know with relationship settings that you actually have real good product to share with them which they feel really engaging they're going to get because it's all about them engaging their constituents or sort of ad payers and all those things. But so it's. 
**Michael Bruck** *[33:37]*: So just for fun I asked how should we approach the development of a certification program for bms? Engineers will be installing configuring the genus AI for buildings. Our training specialists will be developing the curriculum certification and we want to capture the information from the Sanders and Roses group as a foundational knowledge. So good context to work with. Right. The wiki has significant relevant material here because we've had meetings. So even though it's not company wide it has limited information but it has some right. So it Even says the JU1 CEO meeting Bonaventure Michael Jahan formally decided to build the certification training here. You could read it, you could see. So we've already had some chat but the system knows about it. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[34:22]*: I've already forgotten about that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[34:24]*: But that's powerful. 
**Emma McCall** *[34:24]*: I was just going to say. Yeah. So this is what you're thinking in terms of. 
**Michael Bruck** *[34:28]*: This is. This is our thinking. These are. This is based on conversations we've had over the last few weeks going back quite a long time with Rosa with Euclid. It's all in here. You see Lysander 28 phase delivery workflow is a canonical content backbone. So just in a few meetings we've already got something to work with based. 
**Speaker 4** *[34:53]*: On the former meetings that we had. But this is now from your like a trainer view of the product. So I, I really want to know how you will get started the whole thing because we need to get prepared for. For you actually I, I used to. To take part in the designing and designing of the product because I, I stayed in the last company for 10 years to build the product and then I focus on the solution part and delivery so I know how complicated it is. I have quite a lot of knowledge that can now share one or two time meeting. This is so complicated and I know how new people come in when new people come in how hard they are learning about all the details because you have seen the I showed you last time. 
**Speaker 4** *[35:45]*: When you see some data that the platform is not. Is incorrect you need to check a lot of points to see whether this is wrong or the other part is wrong. So this is decided by the structure of the platform. I really want to use this knowledge to build the knowledge base. Then when newcomers learn this he or she can easily find the answer and she can learn this very fast. 
**Michael Bruck** *[36:12]*: It's saying over here that your input. 
**Emma McCall** *[36:20]*: And I'm not an engineer by the way, so this is where I'm. 
**Speaker 4** *[36:28]*: Thinking we need to build the basic knowledge for newcomer and then let them can search on our. 
**Emma McCall** *[36:35]*: Or ask our agents. And that's one of the things we need to discuss as well, is that what do we want? We always start with the end point. What do we want them to be able to understand and do by the end of the learning and to what quality level, you know, which is where that certification comes in. 
**Michael Bruck** *[36:51]*: And then. 
**Emma McCall** *[36:51]*: And then how do we break that down exactly, you know, and over how long? This is the other thing as well. How long do we give them to do that? You know, some people, you know, the younger guys will be really quick with it. Some of the older guys. 
**Michael Bruck** *[37:04]*: And we want to assess them at the same time. 
**Emma McCall** *[37:06]*: Absolutely. So there's that continual assessment and support along the way as well. 
**Speaker 4** *[37:13]*: That is why we prepared a lot of documents for each steps, how to deliver some manuals and some templates for them. And also we are creating a training environment because it's a platform. Finally, they need. Need to really do something on the platform to say that they are qualified. So we are also building the training environment. So. 
**Emma McCall** *[37:37]*: Yes, yes. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[37:38]*: So it's a virtual. Virtual asset or building. 
**Emma McCall** *[37:45]*: Yeah, that's what you're going to say. It's equivalent to like a sandbox so they don't break it. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[37:49]*: Exactly, exactly. 
**Emma McCall** *[37:50]*: So from the client. 
**Speaker 4** *[37:52]*: But actually it's a new. It's a real building. 
**Emma McCall** *[37:55]*: It's a simulation. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[37:56]*: Yeah, it is. We have that already. I mean, we want to kind of evolve into using an app on a phone in the way that if they point, we already know what this room looks like, where everything is. And with that app and the camera, it actually will tell you if that's the one you need to change with the arrow pointing it and all that. I mean, yeah, great tools there. We should really leverage it. 
**Emma McCall** *[38:26]*: And there's the. Also from what I remember from the description, it's the tool itself is continually doing the micro adjustments. It's the engineers stepping in when there's something more physical. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[38:37]*: Yes, the last mile. 
**Michael Bruck** *[38:38]*: Yeah, yeah, exactly. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[38:40]*: And the way that we've kind of, from a global perspective team is really going out there to tell the asset owners, the ideas, sovereign funds, the pensions and so on. So how do you look at where we are today with the 10 people? You have to run like three buildings now. We can expand that into 15 with the same Amount of people. 
**Emma McCall** *[39:06]*: Okay. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[39:07]*: And that is really the strategy where we're pushing. One is it's of course we get more buildings connected to us. But two, I think there's a five year, 10 year window. Companies with AI will acquire companies, buildings without AI because they see the value add and they can create that in no time. And that's great for the capital, great for people. I have them trained and all that. It's such an exciting kind of flywheel happening. And that is where we're kind of pushing on and saying that this is where you double down your investment, triple down, look at growth, look at that. Because that's what AI is going to help you deliver. So that's what we, I mean Europe is, I think in Asia you're going to have a lot faster adoption and understanding because they have a lot of tools already. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[39:57]*: Europe is where the challenge where we know we go into a meeting, they have problems all over the place and we're literally solving them. And they're just saying, is that what's happening on the other side of the world? Because they're just like, oh my God, yeah, you know, were so far behind and everyone's just talking like this. They've not seen all this. What do we do with AI with our buildings? Because I want to, because I want to make more, you know, value or increase my value there. But at the same time I'm worried in the might just eat it all up because someone who hasn't has an advantage over myself and dabit. So this is really quite exciting time to see both marketers. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[40:42]*: But yeah, so with them they'll help you, support you and with the contents and everything else that's all ready now they're going to be preparing into this and then they can support you not spending more resources, just giving you an updating information. It's already there as to how we work together in creating a program. So you've got a good team with domain expertise as well as knowledge and then we have a real client and other off site engineers that were brought on board as training. So we got to train the trainer and see how that works and then kind of iterate on that basis. So and all that journey is all going to be captured from video voice, you name it. 
**Michael Bruck** *[41:33]*: You'll have a subject matter expert on steroids because it's not just a single sma. It's going to be the collective knowledge, institutional knowledge of everybody involved this project going and spanning wide ranges. So you'll have essentially an abundance of information. The question then becomes is what is that your. How do you plan to deliver it? How do you want to form and shape all of that broad information into a delivery package? That's where your expertise comes in. So you could also give us a bit of insight into how you're thinking about doing it. We could then tailor it and information so it could be in such a way that it would. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[42:14]*: It could be video, it could be. And the test could be very dynamic. It could be anything you talk about and then. 
**Michael Bruck** *[42:20]*: But within videos, everything's in text. Right now we convinced we could actually use AI to create videos, if that's helpful. 
**Emma McCall** *[42:30]*: And, and with all of the research that you're doing into the AI tools and obviously you've got, you know, something complete at the moment, even if it's the first round of it. Have you had any investigations or thoughts about any learning framework tools to put this into? No, that's, you know, I'm just, I'm asking because you're saying you're looking at all these AI tools that are coming through. I'm just wondering if there's anything that has floated to the surface. 
**Michael Bruck** *[42:55]*: Jad does it because he enjoys doing it. He actually likes. Have you heard of Kaggle? Yeah, it's a Google thing. So he's kind of a bit of a Kaggle nerd. Yeah. So Jahad actually enjoys doing competitions and learning things. So you have a personal interest in it, but in terms of what else is out there's a lot of. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[43:16]*: Those platforms still very behind. And so this is where you can. So for example, for us, we have a cash management, we have HR SaaS platform, we have a zero accounting. The future looks will be that those will cease to exist in AI because you don't have. The AI will organize it. 
**Michael Bruck** *[43:42]*: I'd also look at something, I think in the past, there's always been the decision of every company, you know, there's a build versus buy. And it evolved in the early days. When I started intel, it was all built up. We built our own tools because there was nothing to buy. And then the world moved on. And over the last 10 years we've experienced SaaS platforms. So everybody shifted to why, because they were, if not perfect, they were designed in such a way that companies could use it for a wide range of things. I think build is coming back now because AI makes coding so much easier that we can actually back and build bespoke solutions that suit our needs much more than what's available commercially. And we're also seeing that the commercial sons, it's a generation or two behind. They're not. 
**Michael Bruck** *[44:31]*: So we can build something that is ideally suited. It's like go to a tailor and have a bespoke suit made as opposed to just buying off the shelf Spencers or something. It fits us better, it can look better, get that result done. And this is another thing that AI is extremely good at. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[44:49]*: So. So think to think about that approach too. 
**Michael Bruck** *[44:54]*: Not just, you know what's happening. We can learn from what's out there. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[44:57]*: We can use it as a framework. 
**Michael Bruck** *[44:59]*: Yeah, but it will. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[45:02]*: That framework will just disappear because you're now creating. Because it's so much easier. So instead of, as Michael said, working to their thinking, their database, their way of ui, UX and how do you use it? It's crazy. Why don't we use what the next evolution was like? We both love to talk. So record it. Let's talk. And it will turn. I mean eventually what's going to happen is that they'll. If I say to Anne, who's our financial approve this payment to do. Do this and it will just do it. I don't have to. It already knows what. And then. And it has to go and approve it because of governance and it's baked in. We shouldn't have. I mean we think of it, board meetings will cease to exist because it's all baked in. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[45:51]*: And then imagine compliance onto education and data and all these governance and all these things with regulatory will be all baked in. And so we don't have to worry about compliance. It will just flag. Oh, by the way this. Because a lot of times we have no idea what's happening in the company, the liabilities and everything like that. It will just take care of that, keep us within the Rails. But what's exciting is that because we're building our own, there are a lot of companies who still are behind. And so eventually what we are building is really a middleware, the next evolution of these basically services that fits anyone. So you have a kind of a very legacy system. Let them have a legacy system. We provide agents to go and take that data out and put it back in. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[46:50]*: All we do is in real time. 
**Michael Bruck** *[46:52]*: The only thing really that we still cannot build ourselves are the foundation models, the LLMs, the Claude. But they're all about the same new ChatGPT, the new Claude and the new Gemini. In terms of capability, they're roughly the same. But what we're very strict about is we just use the knowledge or the capabilities and Cognitive capabilities and problem solving of the model. But all the data layers, everything interact around it. That's what we're building ourselves because then we control our destiny much more. So we just did a test. We actually ran the same query using ChatGPT on the system, same results. So we can swap it in. So it doesn't matter. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[47:33]*: The key thing that we're. Because we're building this one for only for ourselves. We're also beginning pig testing out and we're always questions that if this is what we're going through how many other companies are going through the same thing? And then you say, okay, they're building. Let's be more flexible about the whole build. So in a sense we don't know which MLM is going to win. It's probably continuous going back and forth, but we will know which one to use. 
**Michael Bruck** *[48:02]*: And we're trying all of them. And it's kind of like a close horse race because they're roughly equivalent. It's what they're building around them makes a difference. They're calling a harness. So we'll build our own for our specific needs. But if you do know of any systems that are out there learning systems that you like and there's aspects of it, let us know and we can use those as inspiration. 
**Emma McCall** *[48:26]*: What's the feedback been from the kind of your current, if you like, test group. You said that you've done the training, you know, with a small group or already. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[48:39]*: It's not consistent and we didn't want to training our own people. As a Ranger, we haven't trained other people's. 
**Emma McCall** *[48:50]*: Okay. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[48:51]*: This is the first time. 
**Emma McCall** *[48:52]*: Right. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[48:53]*: So basically one because I'm thinking, okay, overhead, cost well, but also we are going into like a country like Singapore. We were very adamant because of union that we will not literally leave any workers behind. And so with that wonderful thing that we have today is that we can start from scratch and deliver. Basically one of our pillars of our brand and our culture is always look at everything that we don't leave the work of Yahweh do push them out. We have to rethink about this feature, this product, whatever the system, whatever we're building again to not leave them behind. Because with the talent pool that we have the brain power to really look at that. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[49:43]*: So part of the training and the education, the certification, that's definitely one part where we're looking at how do we continue that very strong that we're looking to build on. 
**Michael Bruck** *[49:54]*: But the other Thing that I was saying, because you mentioned you're not that familiar with the AI tools. Even though we're focusing very much on the BMS engineers, I think internally we need some training as well. Yourself, for example, you'll need to learn how to use it. Looking around, most people here are not using the tools that we have as. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[50:12]*: Effectively as they could. 
**Michael Bruck** *[50:14]*: So for example, Gemini is the main workforce. A few people who are not very technical, using Claude and you're not using it correctly. They're, they're using very inefficiently, running up costs, doing things. So we do need some internal making sure the people we have are using the tools that we have properly. I, I don't know how to do training materials, so I, I've delivered when I was at Intel. Intel has used to have an internal university like, I'm sure I see into. 
**Emma McCall** *[50:43]*: The simple how to structure the prompt so that you get the best, you. 
**Michael Bruck** *[50:46]*: Get the best prompts is one thing, but there's, it's moved on. It's a lot more prompts from prompt to context. So we're. Yes, prompts are still important. Context engineering is important as well. And there's now new concepts that are coming up. But even in the most basic levels, I think we need some introductory material for many of the staff that really join. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[51:11]*: Yeah, the key thing, it's the tools that we have. Just the training, how to use the tools. 
**Michael Bruck** *[51:19]*: They can do anything. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[51:21]*: Did you know you could do this? It's really opening their mind more. 
**Michael Bruck** *[51:27]*: And when you get to agents, that's when it goes beyond just. We're less about chats because most people use AI in a chat interface or they use it because it's embedded in some product. Something else like if you're using a. So we're talking to Monday.com because they do a very good project management system, but they just incorporated AI into it and we've had a couple calls with them and all they're doing is trying to sell us their AI. I'm like, I don't care about you. I'm not being that rude. But we really don't care about their AI because their AI to want to lock us in. We're using our own AI. We just want to use them as a dumb thing which our agents will control. We won't even be directly manipulating the ui. We just will. The agents will go in. 
**Michael Bruck** *[52:13]*: And the reason we like Monday is because it's got a really good, robust set of APIs that agents can get into. And anything a human could do on the screen we can do through APIs, through software, application programming and interfaces. So we don't need touch it. Zoe Bonaventure was saying earlier, at some. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[52:30]*: Point we'll get rid of them and. 
**Michael Bruck** *[52:31]*: Build our own database for the time being for project management and tracking. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[52:36]*: We're also a business, right. So we've got to get ourselves. 
**Michael Bruck** *[52:40]*: We're worried about the expense of all these. Everyone in the systems, they charge you by seat and it adds up. 10 Bucks here, 20 bucks there. Before you know, spending real money. And the token cost as well. The token costs are more manageable. This is where the also where training comes in. There are things that you could do when you're driving Claude that will cost a lot of money. An example of something recently that happened. People are using Claude to create PowerPoint presentations and the interface between which it's. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[53:12]*: Going step out because of that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[53:15]*: Yeah, I know. So Claude is perfectly capable because there's a lot of habits here that I talk about changing people's habits, how they work, right. How they think. So people are used to, oh, I have to do a presentation, I'll go to PowerPoint. So of course Claude obliges because they sell more tokens and they say, yes, Claude can create PowerPoint presentations. It's horrifically inefficient, it costs a lot of tokens, it's very slow, it's not accurate. So seeing that happening and we had a couple people who drove suddenly their cost went hundreds of dollars and Nuclear. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[53:51]*: Was going heads up real quick because it driftles 10, 20 by the. 
**Michael Bruck** *[53:55]*: Time we get to 100. Yeah, yeah. So we did two things. Number one, we said stop, you can't do this anymore, don't use PowerPoint. And realized that actually because these are language models, they do a very good job of generating, guess what? HTML. The very basic way language of websites. But HTML can render anything, text, images, boxes. So now we've created a mechanism skill in Claude and I've replicated in Gemini as well to do very nice looking presentations in HTML. It costs a fraction. It's like practically and it's very quick and it looks great. Our marketing head is doing this regularly and it's got the logo. We've trained it, we haven't trained it. We've created a system that can create beautiful presentations. If you want a PDF version, you print the HTML. Voila. So it's problem solved. 
**Michael Bruck** *[54:47]*: But then we still need to explain to people, no, don't use PowerPoint. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[54:52]*: Well, actually that's a big missing piece in our own onboarding. It would be nice to have that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[54:58]*: We said we are scared so fast. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[55:00]*: And growing so rapidly. So we want that as part of your onboarding and different. 
**Michael Bruck** *[55:05]*: But the moral of this is multiple learnings going on. We're learning how people are using the tools and making more efficient ways of accomplishing the same result. It's all about what is the end result, what's the output. You can get the same output. The path there is different. But then how you get there again is so among ourselves, we're not a lot of people. So we can go to somebody and say Andrew, here's how you should do it. And he does it. We iterate and we learn from it. When we're hundreds of people strong, 12 different countries, in 30 different countries, you have to formalize it. Right. 
**Emma McCall** *[55:37]*: It's some big habits to break really and huge mindsets to change as well. And that's when we think about the training for the, you know, for the engineers, it's not just about teaching them how to use the tool. It's. It's overcoming. And in some people it will be the fear of AI, some people will be excitement. But, but you know, like there's a lot of things that psychologically we have. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[55:59]*: To think about as well. 
**Emma McCall** *[56:01]*: When you think about your. Who your audience is going to be. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[56:04]*: Right. 
**Emma McCall** *[56:04]*: Who your learners are going to be. 
**Michael Bruck** *[56:06]*: Absolutely, yes. Habit changing is. So I started reading the book Atomic Habits. You know what I'm talking about, Right. Start with small ones, lots of little habits compound and become the foundation for more. So make your bed when you come to work. Oh, you heard, you read about that guy who gave the commencement speech. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[56:30]*: Oh yeah, the Admiral. 
**Michael Bruck** *[56:31]*: The Admiral, yeah. Make your bed. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[56:32]*: Yeah. At least you go home. It's made. If it's a bad day, it starts with that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[56:39]*: That was, that was a good article. That's why we stay at the hot. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[56:42]*: Yeah, But what are the initiatives? Because we're onboarding a lot of engineers that are doing the delivery. The testing will be quite interesting to use as them as a guinea pig. 
**Emma McCall** *[56:59]*: They're doing the installations. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[57:00]*: Oh they have the domain. They have the domain expertise. They know how to be a project manager and such. But to understand how we work. So for them to of have a. 
**Michael Bruck** *[57:13]*: Test for that,. 
**Speaker 4** *[57:15]*: Maybe we can learn from you at the first step because maybe you can share with us some ideas about how to build in the training program and then we can work on how to use AI to accelerate or how to organize our training environment to support that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[57:33]*: The other thing on the other side of it. So I took some courses at Microsoft on AI a couple years ago just to get up to speed on all the new things. And I like the labs that you actually got hands on. You know you read a bunch of stuff so maybe there was a video or two, there's a case study to put it in context and then you read a bunch of things. I like the reading. That's easier for me. But the most important and useful part is actually the lab going onto a mock system. 
**Emma McCall** *[58:00]*: Yes. 
**Michael Bruck** *[58:00]*: And not it was a live Azure and actually doing something. Training the model. Yeah, doing the so if we can incorporate lab would they actually get to do it? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[58:10]*: We have that. 
**Michael Bruck** *[58:12]*: Should we have like a sandbox version simulation of our system of M. Yeah,. 
**Speaker 4** *[58:17]*: It's running on the aws. 
**Michael Bruck** *[58:18]*: It's already but it's not alive. It's not connected to customers. No, no. It's a simulation. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[58:23]*: Simulation. 
**Speaker 4** *[58:24]*: Should an H server, a fake based H server we state have for one year so you will see the curve, the data like a real building. 
**Michael Bruck** *[58:34]*: So it's like a sandbox version, it's not a real one. Yeah, it's a good one. We could do that as well. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[58:40]*: And you could actually see them doing it and everything. That would be another data point coming back which is pretty cool. Yeah. Good. All right. 
**Michael Bruck** *[58:50]*: Thank you. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[58:51]*: Any other questions? 
**Emma McCall** *[58:52]*: Well, I was going to say is there anything you want to ask? Not that I can answer anything about this particular. Is there anything you wanted to ask me before? 
**Speaker 4** *[58:59]*: Yeah, I want to ask someone when you will going to share your idea about how to build the training system with us. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[59:08]*: She's excited to get to the next. 
**Speaker 4** *[59:12]*: Hour because when if I I'm going to share the knowledge with you maybe takes one or two hours to present all those things. So maybe I can, I think I can learn from you first then I will know what to share. It will be more efficient. 
**Emma McCall** *[59:29]*: Okay, you mean in terms of what I need first of all to look at? 
**Speaker 4** *[59:33]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[59:34]*: I I what's your approach on really creating this kind of module syllabus and program and such and that will help them kind of at least stage it for you? 
**Emma McCall** *[59:47]*: Yeah. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[59:48]*: We are all the ingredients is the slice and dice it. 
**Emma McCall** *[59:53]*: Yeah. And I think I would need a basic understanding in order to be able to give you that. But definitely. And because we're talking about engineers we think about their behaviors and personalities which is very different to your, you know, other functions etcetera so how do they like to learn? You know, how do they like to see things? So that's what I think about when I'm thinking, when I'm creating any content or thinking about learning training programs. And one of the things I wanted to ask as well, because you called this certification, they're already very knowledgeable, so we're doing certification. So how much of this is actually going to be new for them and how much of this is just reaffirming what they know and refining it in order to get to that level of certification? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:00:43]*: So there are different levels. They all are, you know, electrician or heavy electrician, voltage, plumb runners, whatever that they have that domain expertise. Now the question how they label this pipe to us and also verifying does that one connects, it's that information that they're not used to and that's new to them. But they know that is a water pipe and that is a water pipe. But what they don't know is that, oh, I need to put this information to here. And that's where we're bringing the relationship from what they've done before. So it's actually coming, bringing that back in and then if we deliver that, how do they understand very quickly they should, you know, if they know what is a lifeline, that's a lifeline not to do it that way. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:01:39]*: But also at the same time it's really helping them enhance on doing what they have done really well in the past years in that domain. But at the same time, how do we use this tool that they're now being given, which is about using the tablets, how to update things, how to interact, it's that it's like how to use a new mobile phone. They know how to make a call and do everything. But, you know, Android and Apple might be a little bit different, the features different, but it's more or less the same at the end of the day, right? You have to pay here and the knowledge is still there that we. None of them will not, I mean none of them will not have any domain expertise. There are a lot of years of this and that, right? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:02:29]*: Running the H vac, the big equipment, the lifts and all that they all know, but what we need them is to how to connect to us correctly. Yeah, that's the certification and that's what. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:02:39]*: I need to understand is what is it that we're teaching them? What is it that we want them to be able to do? What do they already know and should we be testing for that initially? Just to get information. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:02:49]*: If we put a brief about, you know, when we're training the engineers to learn what did we give them? And then come back and say, so what? They're not. So the first hire, what are the first hire you're looking for? And then at the same time, how. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:03:06]*: Do you,. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:03:08]*: I guess teach them, educate them how to use the tools that were given to them. Maybe that's the way to approach it. And then that way everything can kind of build around that. And then maybe going through some kind of a assessment. Did you have an assessment before? 
**Speaker 4** *[01:03:31]*: No, we didn't have before. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:03:33]*: So when you hired someone, what was the process of hiring that individual? 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:03:38]*: Because. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:03:38]*: Yeah, well, actually the training is just like you have a teacher and the teacher will train the candidates. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:03:50]*: So just gonna. So this is a download of content. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:03:52]*: This is what you need to do. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:03:54]*: Are there any mentoring? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:03:57]*: Is there proof points? No, there wasn't. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:04:00]*: They have a test for some roles like digital delivery, digitalization engineer. They have a test for that and they have a certification also. And. But the certification is more on the practice. They need to really deliver a building to like a floor or some equipment to a platform. Then they will give them. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:04:27]*: Sorry, I was just gonna say. So there's lots of great things that we can integrate into, you know, is all these checkpoints, points along the way to make sure. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:04:35]*: And. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:04:36]*: And we always want to start from the point of what they know first of all. So when you learn anything new and you know, we know it's brand new, there's always a bit of trepidation with it, right? Yeah, yeah. So you start a point of going from the known to the unknown. So this is what us as adults, this is how we like to learn. So we start with things that they're familiar with first of all, and then we start building on that so they gain their confidence. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:05:04]*: So really start with nothing changes. You're still working with ease. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:05:09]*: Yeah, this is. These are the pipes that you're used to seeing. This is the H VAC unit. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:05:13]*: Yeah. And then this is what you. You can integrate. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:05:16]*: Exactly. Yeah. You don't just drop them in brand new concept. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:05:19]*: So you give them. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:05:22]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:05:24]*: Actually this is. There are different roles or different techniques for different roles. Okay. So we have. This is for. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:05:32]*: That. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:05:32]*: This is the typical program management. And then for the delivery we have different roles doing different tasks. And for each task, each of them. Actually I hid some of the lines here. For each task we will have some templates. Templates or menu for them for Example, I list all the documents here. You don't need to read one one. But this is, for example, this is the how to do the project kickoff meeting. We have a manual on that and what should be included, what should not be presented. For example, this is what we are going to put in the, in a keynote meeting. So this is a manual for that. For each steps we have something like this. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:06:19]*: And all this is in the wiki, is it? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:06:21]*: Not yet. They're now building that up. By the time you're on, they will be ready. We went through a course interview. It's a long process. This is already. This is the what loaded into the wiki. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:06:33]*: But here's an important distinction between the wiki and this. Something's worth mentioning. There is. What is something? The actual information which is stored. So this is like a system of truth. It's a source of truth. Whatever is here is the actual thing. What the wiki captures is the how and the why, which is kind of a derivative knowledge. But it's very important because you want to be able it's explanation behind all of this and its organization so you can find it. So, so it's, you know, like if you look at any type of Wikipedia you'll see links and stuff to photographs and other things. So it's, I would say kind of a little interpretation. I don't know what the proper term for it is, but it's derived from this and linked to it in a certain way. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:07:28]*: So this needs to be updated or not. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:07:31]*: This doesn't change what happens. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:07:33]*: You need to update. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:07:35]*: I think maybe you can. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:07:36]*: Update it if there is an update there. But then you have to make sure it propagates. The wiki is aware of that something has changed. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:07:43]*: Actually you can download everything from here. This is the home government folders and then we can create the obsidian. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:07:52]*: It's all been organized in what's not here is the linkages in our database right now, which is our drive and they had to translate into English. So it's all prepared now. You could this way. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:08:10]*: So for example, this is a phone to phone testing. This is one of the steps and. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:08:17]*: Still downloading. It's at the top. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:08:20]*: The crown. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:08:20]*: Yeah, that one's still okay. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:08:22]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:08:23]*: So this the menu on how to do that. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:08:28]*: And now it's really for you to kind of look at this and say, okay, this is how we structure it. And the great thing about AI is that because we're moving so fast in every market, it can help you to create that nuance and then you kind of work with all your country heads to make sure it's all lined up and they're feeding back up here. So you have a big overall program with different market programs. Depends on is it classroom or E learning or whatever it is. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:09:09]*: And we might need to iterate. I mean this is new territory that we're going to into. So we will figure out. We definitely need to adapt and try out different approaches to get to that result. It's not very powerful. None of this has been done before. Makes it very interesting. But also we have to learn as well exactly how to best apply this. It's a new approach. This concept of a wiki as memory for AI is very new. It's only got into the consciousness of even the AI researchers a couple months ago. So it's, it's brand spanking you. Nobody thought about it. The person that came up with the concept where I found out about it is a very well regarded researcher, founder of Open AI, one of the co founders R. Tesla, Stanford PhD, you know, brilliant engineer. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:10:00]*: He came up with, he coined the phrase vibe coding which might have heard of like him. So you know, he's got so much. So the idea of you, because were struggling before about how do we capture all this thought, how do we. So he came up with the idea of a wiki. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:10:14]*: The tools that we're being offered, third parties like Claude are very silent. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:10:21]*: Yeah. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:10:21]*: And how do I share with you or him or her what I'm really pushing through? It could be my marketing. So when she does anything to do with marketing, it's exactly what the marketing department will deliver. Right. That's really where it comes in. So it's really very powerful. Now for the first time we are delivering this at an institutional enterprise level which demands a lot more stricter framework. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:10:55]*: And we've also broken the silos. Yeah. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:10:59]*: We are also trying to build some of the capabilities in Python. Squid, just squid. So that is easier for regions for different countries to use. They don't need AI because we have already used AI to create the knowledge in the JavaScript or TypeScript like this one. This is the supplementary data collection. We mark AI automated here because we have already created a tool, AI tool for this. But actually this is a peasant's real. So I would love to use it. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:11:29]*: Like website, good example, website the future. You don't have a visual website because agents are going in and looking for things and you just have a literally IP address and it goes There. Oh, this is jns. This is what they do. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:11:46]*: This is a collection of the data. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:11:47]*: Exactly. What we're seeing is because we're visual people, AI doesn't need to look at it doesn't have visual. It's just. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:11:58]*: Yes, the gen AI models are extremely good at text, but they're extremely good at anything that looks like software. So HTML is like a programming language. Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, these are all programming languages. And it's incredibly good at writing it and reading it and understanding it as well. So it becomes a lingua franca among the AI. Of course we want to be able to see visually because we can't just read lines of software code, it's meaningless. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:12:24]*: Imagine whatever. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:12:25]*: Try reading HTML in the RAW mode cross life. But it's important because it can render it. But the AI speaks that very well. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:12:35]*: I'm also thinking about, we still need another thing. For example, this is one. When it works we can do it step by step. But when something doesn't work we need a Q and A or instruction for that. But I cannot list all the possibilities of how it doesn't work. For now this is too, that is. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:12:55]*: Too much we can build on. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:12:57]*: Yes. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:12:58]*: So that is why I think with the. I also have the product document. So from the product documents and developers document we can search and give them the answer. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:13:09]*: I mean that's a whole other thread that we need to look at. As we go through this process we will identify places where we can develop AI tools or little widgets that can make the process easier for troubleshooting. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:13:22]*: Has this agent on Deep Talk so everyone can ask questions for the Deep Talk and they will search in all the developers documents to. Yes. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:13:36]*: It's funny, when were at the Wonder shopping mall at the control center they had a whole stack of man over there and I said how the hell are they going to read all that? 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:13:46]*: I don't know. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:13:48]*: That's. No one reads it. It's like yeah, I was like how are you going to question it? Find me this. Right, so it's that it's just. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:13:59]*: Yeah, nobody does. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:14:00]*: Yes, very archaic. So this is really the next evolution where learning is going to come to a different level. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:14:10]*: Well, it's on demand. You need the information at the time you need it. That's when you really need to learn. You don't want to absorb because we forget. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:14:17]*: Yeah, no, absolutely. And that's what they're predicting as well is being, you know, with AI, is that on demand? Demand learning, you know, is about to do This I need a reminder of how to do it. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:14:28]*: And that's where you get into interesting things like augmented reality and being able to do things. You know, Pokemon Go style. You point the camera at it and it tells you what you're looking at. I mean, one way I use AI, I rent a flat and there's a dishwasher there that I don't know what the buttons are. It's all full of icons and things. So I take a picture of it and I give that picture to load that picture into ChatGPT and it's explained to me how to use a stupid machine. It does, it recognizes the picture. So we could build similar things. They have incredibly good vision models. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:14:59]*: I think the other important thing just to remember is that there are, there's a time and a place for that and then there's a time and a place when we need to do a structured course. Because it's a skill that we have to learn. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:15:08]*: Absolutely. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:15:09]*: Yeah. So the on demand learning is great. If I, I just need a reminder of one of those things, you know, or there's some information I need to know. I'm about to go into a meeting with the customer. What was it? You know, there's all of that kind of thing. But equally. Sorry. Yeah, we can do that. We do need more in depth learning for. Exactly. This situation is learning to really kind. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:15:33]*: Of look at where AI is going. It's really focusing on tailoring IT programs even though the context is the same for all of us. But our structured learning is very different from each other. That's really where the also people learn differently. Exactly. That is what we would love to do is with that knowledge base that we're training and certifying, all that is create their own little obsidian knowledge base of how they learn. And so yes, we think it's a win situation here where we understand who you are better in the learning that eventually you will use us as your learning because you feel inspired and also you feel energized, you feel like you're progressing. Education puts you into a mode where oh my God, I just can't get it. And that puts people in a very bad position that they're not willing to learn. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:16:38]*: And for companies who are hiring people and such, it's another retraining if that person decides to leave. So we also want to help them as a company. We're not here to help displace, but because of what we have, we can at least promise you that every single engineer will be upskilled and to a point. Because we have AI to help them all. And the power is not about going into a classroom. The power is each one of us are very different and we will adapt and make sure that at the end result, the connection is exactly the same. He might do it right handed or left handed or whatever it is, but end result is the same standard. Yeah, exactly. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:17:22]*: Okay. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:17:22]*: That's very powerful. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:17:24]*: Good. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:17:25]*: Great. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:17:25]*: Thank you. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:17:25]*: Thank you very much for your time. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:17:27]*: Thank you. Great to meet everyone. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:17:29]*: So what are you officially? 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:17:30]*: 29Th. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:17:31]*: 29Th. 
**Bonaventure Wong** *[01:17:32]*: Three more weeks. 
**Michael Bruck** *[01:17:33]*: Three more something. Can't wait. 
**Emma McCall** *[01:17:40]*: And you're traveling when? Let me just. 
